pdo
PHP DATA OBJECTS, LEAN AND CONSITENT WAY TO ACCESS DB INSTEAD mYSQLI

three main classes -
PDO represents a connection between PHP and DB
PDOStatement represents a prepared statement and after execution associated reult
PDOException represents error raised by PDO

DSN is data source name , string containg database credentials
for query use query method or prepared statements
for passing vars we will use prepared statements

elastic loadbalancer never has ipv4or6 adress  instead of using Adress record we use alias record
CloudFront delivers the content directly from the origin server and stores it in the cache of the edge location
Composition is an important concept in PHP. It occurs when an object creates another object; that is, the first object completely possesses the second object.

JWT is a type of Token, and OAuth is a Framework that describes how to dispense tokens. JWT can absolutely be used as an OAuth Bearer token


FRAPI
FRAPI aims at removing the whole frontend layer complexity that handling REST calls can bring.

APC
APC stands for the Alternative PHP Cache. PHP is a dynamic language that is compiled on-demand into bytecode at execution time. 
To improve performance, APC stores this bytecode so that it can be reused instead of having to be recompiled each time.
 is a free open-source opcode (operation code) caching plugin for PHP. 
 Another common caching module is Memcached, and the main difference between it and APC is that Memcached is distributed and more robust generic caching platform,
 while APC is specific to PHP. APC is great when you need local caching of objects for your PHP scripts that are relatively small and frequently accessed
 
 Which PHP mode? Apache vs CGI vs FastCGI
 One of the main use-cases of FastCGI proxying within Nginx is for PHP processing. Unlike Apache, which can handle PHP processing directly with the use of the mod_php module, Nginx must
 rely on a separate PHP processor to handle PHP requests. Most often, this processing is handled with php-fpm, a PHP processor that has been extensively tested to work with Nginx.
 https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/understanding-and-implementing-fastcgi-proxying-in-nginx
 
  sudo apt install sendmail
  
  